I. DEFINITIONS

A. CyIC means Cypress Investment Club, formed as a General Partnership on 15 September 2017 and 
   more fully described in the Partnership Agreement.

B. "Partner" or "member of the Cypress Investment Club" shall mean a General Partner of the Cypress
   Investment Club.
   
II. OFFICERS

A. The CyIC officers shall consist of President, Vice President, Secretary, Treasurer.

B. Duties of the Officers will include, but not be limited to, the following:

The PRESIDENT will appoint committees, oversee all CyIC activities, and preside over all CyIC 
meetings. The PRESIDENT will have the power to create and conduct an agenda for all meetings, and 
may enforce or waive formalities of such an agenda. The PRESIDENT will have the power to recommend 
disciplinary action to any Partner who, in the opinion of a member of the CyIC, is considered to 
have acted contrary to the provisions of these By Laws or has displayed negligence in the 
performance of duties or expectations. The PRESIDENT will also have the power to BUY and SELL 
securities in absence of the TREASURER.

The VICE PRESIDENT will assume the duties of the PRESIDENT when absent or unable to serve the 
office. The VICE PRESIDENT will be responsible for the activities, progress, and reports of all 
committees that are formed. The VICE PRESIDENT is also in charge of all educational activities.

The SECRETARY will keep a record of CyIC business and issue a report of all meetings. The SECRETARY
will be responsible for all correspondence pertaining to the Cypress Investment Club, including 
the distribution of reports from meetings, officers and committees. Upon notification by the 
PRESIDENT or the TREASURER; the SECRETARY will issue a notice to any Partner regarding any fines 
or disciplinary action, and include the reason and decision for the action. The SECRETARY must keep
copies of all CyIC correspondence.

The TREASURER will keep record of all CyIC financial activities, calculate and distribute valuation
statements each month, and any other statistical reports required. The TREASURER will maintain 
records accounting for the Cypress Investment Club financial operation, assets, and individual 
account value.

The TREASURER will serve as agent for the Partnership to place BUY and SELL orders; and will 
distribute and collect funds. The TREASURER will be responsible for all cash and broker 
transactions; the collection of dues; and notifying the SECRETARY of Partners in default of dues.

Officers will be elected by the total Partnership at the first meeting of the Cypress Investment 
Club and to one-year terms at duly called Annual meetings thereafter. Officers may succeed 
themselves in office upon re-election.

Annually, during the month of April, the current President shall call for nominations from the 
Cypress Investment Club for all officer positions. The Cypress Investment Club shall then elect the
above officers following the voting procedures described below. The officers shall assume their 
duties on June 1 of that year.

E. Any officer position that becomes vacant during the year shall be filled as soon as possible 
   following the same nomination and voting procedure described above.

F. The offices of President, Vice President, and Secretary shall be held by a different person.

G. Each officer is encouraged to appoint an assistant.

III. PARTNERS

A. All CyIC Partners shall participate in ongoing activities of the Cypress Investment Club by:
 * Preparing and posting analyses or other assignments to further the investment endeavors of the 
   Cypress Investment Club;
 * Regularly contributing constructive comments about CyIC operations and investment opportunities;
 * Making regular payments to the Cypress Investment Club;
 * Keeping a current mailing address on file with the Secretary at all times;
 * Reviewing monthly and year-end CyIC reports, including all financial and tax-information 
   reports, and;
 * Vote in at least two-thirds (67%) of all CyIC elections during any six month period.

IV. PROCEDURES

A. Regular meetings will be held monthly as voted by the Cypress Investment Club. Meetings shall be
   held on the third Friday of every month, 7 PM at a location agreed upon by CyIC. E-mailed 
   notices shall be sent to each member at least one week in advance of the meeting.

B. May is designated for the Annual meeting. At the Annual meeting all Partners will be issued the 
   Annual Report and CyIC elections will be conducted. The Secretary will give notice to the 
   Partnership as to the time, date, and location of the Annual Meeting and issue a proxy for the 
   election of Officers to the entire Partnership.

C. Special meetings may be called by the President or any two officers of the Cypress Investment 
   Club upon verbal or written notice to the members of the Cypress Investment Club.

D. The presence or duly executed proxies of sixty percent (60%) of the active members of the 
   Cypress Investment Club including at least one Officer of the Cypress Investment Club will 
   constitute a quorum sufficient to transact business.

V. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

A. A monthly valuation statement shall list all assets, at cost and market values, and liabilities 
   of CyIC as of the fifth day BEFORE the monthly meeting. It shall also compute the Value of the 
   Partnership, as defined in Paragraph 7 of the Partnership Agreement.

B. The Treasurer shall also prepare a summary statement of capital accounts maintained in the name 
   of each Partner, as provided in Paragraph 8 of the Partnership Agreement.

C. The annual CyIC accounting shall show the distribution of dividends, interest, short and 
   long-term capital gains, and expenses.

VI. VOTING

A. The right to vote is limited to active Partners.

B. Approved methods of voting are VERBAL, SIMPLE MAJORITY, TWO-THIRDS MAJORITY, POINT SYSTEM 
   BALLOT, WRITTEN BALLOT, WEIGHTED BALLOT and PROXY. However, in the absence of a formal motion to
   conduct a given vote in another manner, all votes shall be carried by a simple majority of the 
   active Partners.

C. The above notwithstanding, the general method of voting the BUY or SELL of two or more stock 
   proposals is by the point system ballot followed by a voice vote of approval. Based on the 
   number of proposals, each Partner assigns the highest number to the most preferred stock and 
   then gives each remaining stock one less point, with the least preferred stock receiving one 
   point.

D. The above notwithstanding, any active Partner may request that any given vote be retallied on a 
   weighted basis so that the value of a respective Partner's vote is in direct proportion to the 
   value of his/her capital account measured against the aggregate value of all capital accounts 
   comprising the asset base of the Partnership, as established in the most recent valuation 
   statement duly prepared and presented by the Treasurer. Approval of such a request may not be 
   unreasonably withheld, however, said request must be made during the meeting at which the vote 
   in question has taken place.

E. Partners will be entitled to submit six proxies per calendar year.

VII. GUESTS AND NEW PARTNERS

A. Partners are permitted to invite guests to attend regularly scheduled meetings with PRIOR 
   majority approval of the Partners at any regular or specially called meetings.

B. Guests are required to actively participate in CyIC discussions and activities for two (2) 
   months before consideration is given to adding the guest to the Cypress Investment Club. Guests 
   must complete at least one stock selection worksheet before membership to the Cypress Investment
   Club is voted upon.

C. The number of Partners shall be limited to twenty (20)

D. The acceptance of new Partners will be voted on by the Cypress Investment Club as outlined in 
   Section VI above.

VIII. DIVIDENDS

A. The Cypress Investment Club shall participate in dividend reinvestment plans unless CyIC votes 
   not to participate for a particular stock.

IX. BANK(S) AND BROKER(S)

A. The Cypress Investment Club may maintain checking account(s) at the bank(s) that the Cypress 
   Investment Club deems necessary or desirable, or may operate only with the brokers' account or 
   money market fund linked to the brokerage account.

B. The Cypress Investment Club may engage one or more broker(s) as it deems necessary or desirable.

C. The Cypress Investment Club shall request the bank or broker to send statements directly to both
   the Treasurer and Secretary, or the Treasurer will send the electronic statement to the 
   Secretary and, if requested, the President.

D. The Cypress Investment Club shall instruct the broker(s) that all requests for funds shall be 
   made in writing and be signed by two (2) officers of the Cypress Investment Club. However, only 
   one (1) signature shall be required for trading purposes.

X. PAYMENTS

A. Monthly payments in multiples of ten dollars ($10) and not totaling less than ten dollars ($10) 
   per Partner are due and payable at each regularly scheduled meeting. However, in accordance with
   the Paragraph 6 of the Partnership Agreement, no capital contribution shall cause an individual 
   Partner's capital account to exceed twenty-five percent (25%) of the aggregate value of the 
   capital accounts of all Partners. Partners may contribute more than the minimum if they choose 
   so. Partners may agree to change the minimum amount at any time after the first six months of 
   operation by a two-thirds majority vote.

B. Any Partner may request from the President a temporary hardship waiver of the minimum monthly 
   payment. Such request shall not be unreasonably denied.

C. If available and desired, Partners may arrange for automatic monthly withdrawal from the 
   Partner's personal checking or other account to be deposited into the Cypress Investment Club 
   account. Any expense for this shall be borne by the individual Partner.

D. There shall be no prepayment of monthly payments.

E. Non-payment for two (2) consecutive months shall cause the Partner to be designated inactive. 
   The Treasurer shall notify the Secretary of any inactive Partners and the Secretary shall 
   inquire by certified-return receipt mail as to the reason for the non-participation of any 
   inactive Partner.

F. Non-payment for three (3) consecutive months shall be deemed written notice of withdrawal in 
   accordance with Paragraph 18 of the Partnership Agreement unless a waiver is granted by the 
   Cypress Investment Club.

G. The Cypress Investment Club shall not assess a fine against Partners for late payments of 
   monthly dues.

XI. EXPENSE REIMBURSEMENT

A. From time to time, the Cypress Investment Club may request a Partner to purchase goods or 
   services for the benefit of the Cypress Investment Club. Upon request of the Partner, the cost 
   of such expenditure shall be reimbursed by the Cypress Investment Club upon furnishing receipts 
   for such purchase.

B. The President may authorize expenditures of less than $25. The total of such Presidential 
   expenditures shall not exceed $125 in any calendar year.

C. Expenditures of $25 or more shall be authorized only by a CyIC vote.

XII. JOINTLY OWNED CAPITAL ACCOUNTS

A. There shall be no jointly owned capital accounts.

XIII. REMOVAL

A. Failure by a member of the Cypress Investment Club to fulfill the duties as previously defined 
   for three (3) consecutive months shall be deemed cause for consideration for removal in 
   accordance with Paragraph 16B of the Partnership Agreement. A two-thirds majority vote of the 
   remaining members of the Cypress Investment Club shall be necessary for removal of a Partner. 
   Such removal shall be deemed written notice of withdrawal in accordance with Paragraph 18 of the
   Partnership Agreement.

XIV. AMENDMENT OF THESE Bylaws

A. These Bylaws may be amended by a CyIC vote at any regularly scheduled meeting and shall be 
   required to be reviewed in its entirety at the annual meeting.

B. These Bylaws shall be construed in accordance with the Partnership Agreement and, in any 
   conflict, the Partnership Agreement shall rule.
